Where did you get the yellow-haired girl?
My grandfather's illness is much worse than yours
It was cured by the accountant brother
Now he is healthier than a young man
Who told you big talk?
Blow me
You applaud
It takes effect to be persuasive
It's useless to talk too much
Ouch, this sentence makes you right.
You saw the effect today
This uncle is not sick
It's cured now
What does that mean?
It means that my art is better than yours
Don't you open any pussy house?
There were only 4 people in Tina
If the account is not transferred by then, it will not be easy to appear.
Hmph you are talking nonsense
My brother was stronger than you just now
Scammers selling counterfeit drugs
bounce around
Are you talking nonsense and being slaughtered casually?
But I sue you in the north, do you have any evidence?